		Keyboard shortcuts:
		
		
		Cmd-p	Toggle bookmark
		Cmd-b	Goto next bookmark
		Cmd-B	Goto prev bookmark

		Cmd-g	Goto definition ( when cursor is at or in between:
									self.w<INS>alk_scope<INS> )
		
		Cmd-l  Gotoline:	-1 and empty goes to file-end.
							-20 goes to 20 lines before file-end etc.
		
		
		Cmd-n			Open new tab
		Cmd-Return		Open file to current tab
		
		Ctrl-d  Close current tab and save it
		Ctrl-Q  Close current tab without saving it
		Cmd-q   Close editor and save files and configuration.
		
		Cmd-right  Walk tabs forward
		Cmd-left   Walk tabs backwards
		
		
		Cmd-e  Move cursor to lineend (or use End-key)
		Cmd-a  Move cursor to linestart (or use Home-key)
		
		
		Cmd-f  Search
		Cmd-r  Replace
		Cmd-R  Replace all
		
		
		Esc		Toggle fullscreen, clear search-tags, clear selection,
				close help, close show errors, exit goto def, exit gotoline,
				exit search, exit replace etc.
		
		Shift-Return	Comment
		Shift-BackSpace	Uncomment
		
		
		Shift-Tab  Unindent
		Tab        Indent or walk complete-word expansions
		Ctrl-Tab   Insert Tab
		
		Cmd-BackSpace	Delete backwards from cursor until dot

		
		Cmd-c  Copy
		Cmd-v  Paste
		Cmd-x  Cut
		Cmd-y  Copy current line without newline, (yank line)
		Ctrl-k  Delete from insert to line end, (does not copy)
		Cmd-z  Undo
		Cmd-Z  Redo
		
		
		Ctrl-l   Toggle linenumbers
		Ctrl-x   Toggle syntax highlight
		
		
		Alt-f   Font setting
		Alt-s   Color setting
		Alt-t   Toggle color setting
		
		
		Cmd-shift-right  Select from cursor to lineend (or Shift-End)
		Cmd-shift-left   Select from cursor to linestart (or Shift-Home)
		
		Ctrl-j  Scroll down without moving cursor
		Ctrl-u  Scroll up without moving cursor
		
		Shift-up		Select one more line up
		Shift-down		Select one more line down
		Cmd-Shift-up	Select 10 more line up
		Cmd-Shift-down	Select 10 more line down
		Cmd-up			Move 10 more line up
		Cmd-down		Move 10 more line down
		
		If have PgUp/Down -keys, use them (with Shift)
		to move/select faster
		If not, use
		Control-1/2 (selecting), Control-3/4 just moving

		Alt-left  		Move cursor one word left
		Alt-right 		Move cursor one word right
		Alt-shift-left 	Select one more word to left
		Alt-shift-right	Select one more word to right
		
		left/right		If cursor is not visible, goto cursor
						If have selection, clear selection
		
		
		# Not often needed:
		Cmd-89
			Walk definition lines
		 	8 goto absolutely next(up) defline
			9 goto absolutely next(down) defline

		Cmd-Shift-()
			Walk definition lines (jump over lower levels)
			( goto next(up) defline
			) goto next(down) defline


		Cmd-Shift-E		toggle, elide scope, if cursor is on defline
		Cmd-Shift-F		select scope, where cursor is in
		
		Ctrl-t	Change indentation of selected lines to current setting
		
		------------------------------------------------------
		
		
		While searching:
			Ctrl-n  Next match
			Ctrl-p  Prev match
			-	Copying text to clipboard is possible with yank-line etc.
			-	Add bookmark is possible, so is Goto def from which:
				arrow-key or Ctrl-np -> back to matches
			-	Changing the replacement string is possible while replacing.
			-	1: Press Space to exit search to focus.
				2: Double-click to exit to cursor.
				3: Press Esc to exit to cursor position at the start of the search.
				Press arrow-key to refresh view back to cursor, if necessary.
		
		Also, after searching, show and select next/prev occurence of last search
		(if no selection, else uses selection)
			Ctrl-n  Next match
			Ctrl-p  Prev match

		While replacing:
			Return does what is expected.
		
		
		Default bindings: https://tcl.tk/man/tcl9.0/TkCmd/text.html#M192
		
		-------------------------------------------------------------
		
		
		